Have sex
172.58.77.3
born to sex forced to cum
PLAP PLAP PLAP PLAP PLAP PLAP
GET PREGNANT GET PREGNANT GET PREGNANT GET PREGNANT GET PREGNANT
AMBATUKAM UOOOOOOOOH
Cunny :sob:
Daily reminder to have sex with nutribuns
You should drink some water.
Say Gex
KYS (Keep yourself safe) :blush:
Powered by Nutribun
14°35'38"N 120°59'40"E
I’ve come to make an announcement, Ninoy Aquino is a bitchass mother fucker. He pissed on my fucking wife. That’s right, he took his senator little quilly dick out and he pissed on my fucking wife, and he said his dick was THIS BIG. And I said "that’s disgusting!" So I’m making a callout announcement on RPN-9. Ninoy Aquino, you got a small dick, it’s the size of this nutribun except WAY smaller.
Suipiss
seeeeeeeeeeeeeegs -robin padilla
You should sniff PE clothes, NOW! <:kys:1004346745129553960>
i asked my crush for a phone charger and she told me it's in her bag (epic moment) so i searched her bag and found some used PE clothes. So I naturally....sniffed it
Legalize nuclear bombs
I miss mommy cheescakes :pensive::pensive::pensive:
snnnnniiiiiiffffffffffff...oh yes my dear....sssnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiffffffff....quite pungent indeed...is that....dare I say....sssssssnniff...Femcel I smell?......sniff  sniff....hmmm...yes...quite so my darling....sniff....quite pungent Femcel yes very much so.....ssssssssssssssnnnnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiffffff....ah  yes...and also....a hint of....sniff....War Devil..... yes...this will do nicely....sniff.....
Psalm 37:13 but the Lord laughs at the wicked, for he knows their day is coming.
I HATE SQL SYNTAX
Arrrrarrrggghhfjhj hubarin mo pants mo arrrghhhhh
Tite ko malaki parang si Kai Sotto
Marcos is a gratet leader:heart::green_heart:, he have tallano bold, he have yamashita :b:old.Iyak kakampwet:stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes::stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:
This is the Department of Pinoy Social Credit Assessor of the National Intelligence Coordinating Agency (NICA) and we have deducted you 1000000000 Pinoy Credits. This is related to your internet activity as you insulted the Philippines and Filipinos, especially criticizing our glorious president, Ferdinand 'Bong Bong' Marcos Jr., and VP Sara Duterte. More Pinoy Credits will be deducted to your account if you continue this activity and punishments will be followed, starting from reducing your Rations of Nutribun to Sending You and your family to Mindanao.
pls listen to suisei's stellar stellar
Yes, shit. Yes, thank you so much. Thank you. That might be just what I need to bus. That might just be what I need to bus, cause I'm bussing, Ambasing...! Ambasing!~
NPA stands for eNormous Phucking Ass and that's why all the hot chinita babes are there
cheeeldren
https://youtu.be/xvFZjo5PgG0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANEjAC9f0d8
please listen to Midnight Grand Orchestra's Starpeggio album
please listen to Midnight Grand Orchestra's Overture album
please listen to Hoshimachi Suisei's Still Still Stellar album
please listen to Hoshimachi Suisei's Specter album
please listen to Hoshimachi Suisei's SHINSEI MOKUORKU album
smooth operator
segs
infinytyloop.github.io
god left us
god is dead and we killed him
sebby you fucking addict
sebby you fucking addict
sebby you fucking addict
sebby you fucking addict
sebby you fucking addict
i love cebu
Sex Bot is a proud Cebuano Supremacist
admin 4 if you read this you gay
sebby if you read this you gay
please donate to me I accept GCash
Goddamn i need a footjob
I bet Suisei smells like baby cologne